docs/installation.rst, before:

Installation
============
1. ``pip install django-user-sessions``
2. In ``INSTALLED_APPS`` replace ``'django.contrib.sessions'`` with
   ``'user_sessions'``.
3. In ``MIDDLEWARE`` or ``MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES`` replace
   ``'django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware'`` with
   ``'user_sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware'``.
4. Add ``SESSION_ENGINE = 'user_sessions.backends.db'``.
5. Add ``url(r'', include('user_sessions.urls', 'user_sessions')),`` to your
   ``urls.py``.
6. Make sure ``LOGOUT_REDIRECT_URL`` is set to some page to redirect users
   after logging out.
7. Run ``python manage.py syncdb`` (or ``migrate``) and browse to
   ``/account/sessions/``.

GeoIP
-----
You need to setup GeoIP for the location detection to work. See the Django
documentation on `installing GeoIP`_.

IP when behind a proxy
----------------------
If you're running Django behind a proxy like nginx, you will have to set 
the `REMOTE_ADDR` META header manually using a middleware, to stop it from 
always returning the ip of the proxy (e.g. 127.0.0.1 in many cases).

An example middleware to fix this issue is `django-xforwardedfor-middleware`_
which simply does this for each request:

``request.META['REMOTE_ADDR'] = request.META['HTTP_X_FORWARDED_FOR'].split(',')[0].strip()``

Your particular configuration may vary, `X-Forwarded-For` must be set by
a proxy that you have control over, otherwise it might be spoofed by the
client.

.. _installing GeoIP:
   https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.11/ref/contrib/gis/geoip2/

.. _django-xforwardedfor-middleware:
   https://github.com/allo-/django-xforwardedfor-middleware

Commit message:

Opt-out of system checks for example and tests

docs/installation.rst, after:

Installation
============
1. ``pip install django-user-sessions``
2. In ``INSTALLED_APPS`` replace ``'django.contrib.sessions'`` with
   ``'user_sessions'``.
3. In ``MIDDLEWARE`` or ``MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES`` replace
   ``'django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware'`` with
   ``'user_sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware'``.
4. Add ``SESSION_ENGINE = 'user_sessions.backends.db'``.
5. Add ``url(r'', include('user_sessions.urls', 'user_sessions')),`` to your
   ``urls.py``.
6. Make sure ``LOGOUT_REDIRECT_URL`` is set to some page to redirect users
   after logging out.
7. Run ``python manage.py syncdb`` (or ``migrate``) and browse to
   ``/account/sessions/``.

System check framework
----------------------

Django warns you about common configuration errors. When replacing the session
middleware with the one provided by this library, it'll start warning about
`admin.E410`. You can silence this warning by adding the following line in
your settings file:

    SILENCED_SYSTEM_CHECKS = ['admin.E410']


GeoIP
-----
You need to setup GeoIP for the location detection to work. See the Django
documentation on `installing GeoIP`_.

IP when behind a proxy
----------------------
If you're running Django behind a proxy like nginx, you will have to set 
the `REMOTE_ADDR` META header manually using a middleware, to stop it from 
always returning the ip of the proxy (e.g. 127.0.0.1 in many cases).

An example middleware to fix this issue is `django-xforwardedfor-middleware`_
which simply does this for each request:

``request.META['REMOTE_ADDR'] = request.META['HTTP_X_FORWARDED_FOR'].split(',')[0].strip()``

Your particular configuration may vary, `X-Forwarded-For` must be set by
a proxy that you have control over, otherwise it might be spoofed by the
client.

.. _installing GeoIP:
   https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.11/ref/contrib/gis/geoip2/

.. _django-xforwardedfor-middleware:
   https://github.com/allo-/django-xforwardedfor-middleware
